the moment that you start something
paths will start to clear out and
you might not know what's going to
happen or how it's going to happen
but i promise you if you pick that thing
that you love i'm talking about you
really love i'm talking about that thing
that you will do for free
if you pick that if you pick that
every day if you choose that every day
consistently
it's inevitable for you not to be
[Music]
successful
hope you enjoyed the episode brought to
you by our sponsor
thrive get 50 off your at home gut
health test when you go to
try thrive dot com slash
impact theory enjoy the episode
hey everybody welcome to another episode
of impact theory
i am joined by somebody today that i
think is going to blow your mind he has
a breath of fresh air
he is none other than william king
hollis william welcome to the show man
thank you
legend it's truly a honor to be on your
show man i used to watch you in the
shelter
and now i'm sitting here i'm excited
it's crazy i'm so stoked to have you you
came
in like a tornado today energy through
the roof
and it's really extraordinary when i
think so you're an international
motivational speaker
you've really come from the bottom and
now you're here
and uh it's it's a really extraordinary
story it's one of the most extraordinary
stories i've ever heard
in my life um and i want to start with
the
concept that you have that the best
gifts come from the bottom
what does that mean when i was younger i
had a learning disability
and i was always behind i was always at
the bottom but
sometimes sports and other things that
keep me keep my confidence high
and i used to hate being in the
neighborhood i was in i used to hate not
being able to
get the designer shoes or the nice
things that most of the
you know some of my peers had and as i
grew
and as i started to excel in football
and start to meet amazing coaches like
um terry bolton and john featherstone
and so many more i started to realize
that
i wasn't hurting that's where i was
being made
and that's when i made a decision it
made the quote that the best gifts
come from the bottom because meaning you
were actually learning something from
going through the hard times
absolutely absolutely let's frame for
people though
what that looked like because i would
say of
all the people i've met you're in sort
of the top one percent of you'd be
justified in being bitter but you're not
so tell me about your mom and your dad i
think that's a pretty powerful place to
start
absolutely my mother started off with a
in a terrible situation my grandmother
moved from monroe louisiana to pontiac
michigan
first she started running numbers then
she started selling crack cocaine
she taught all um seven or eight of her
kids
how to cook and sell crack cocaine this
is your grandma my gran
my great grandmother and um
my mother started the selling at 14
years old
yeah she was selling she had her own
basically trap house
uh drug house that she sold out of she
was introduced to a very young
and someway uh
she got pregnant by my father and
she gave birth to me at 16 years old um
she had my sister at 15 had me at 16.
we stayed in the one uh a bedroom
apartment
um on the north side of pontiac michigan
and i just saw my mother uh
battle a lot of demons i had to
basically be a man and the woman and
she taught me how to fight she taught me
how to treat women she taught me
everything and it was so remarkable
because this is a young girl that never
had a chance to be a young girl
molested by her father as a child and
what caused my mother to abuse drugs
from the age of
23 and up was the fact that she never
got help
she literally took me around my
grandfather
that's the strength that she had and
this was the same man and i didn't find
out
uh about this until the day that she
passed away
whoa and my mother was a woman that
she wanted to give way more but she
couldn't
and tom what i'm saying is as a kid you
can walk in the house and see your
mother
and she smile but when you look in her
eyes you can see the pain
you could tell that she's smiling for me
but she's hurting inside
she's fighting for me as well so as we
went on
and went through that my mother had got
a job at a senior citizen home
and i remember this is when life was was
getting good time
i mean my our vacation was my mom going
out getting
a pizza for big mama's houses this place
probably had cars called big mama the
pizza was humongous
and blockbuster was still open uh we
would walk down to blockbuster and grab
a big mama's pizza
that was my disneyland tom we'll go home
and my mom would get her little checks
and she'll buy his food she was able to
finally able to buy us things
and i remember this one day um
she came home and she was crying and she
started talking to
one of her friends she had and she said
um this was all i had
and i seen a job
that she loved she loved taking care of
people she didn't have a degree
she couldn't read that well
but she was very good with people and
because
she didn't have a degree they fired her
they fired her and that was the daytime
that my mom
was gone because it just
broke something inside of her emotions
she couldn't take care of us
it's two type of people tom it's people
that's addicted to taking
and it's people that's addicted to
giving some people if they can't take
they can't breathe
if they some people can't give they
can't breathe i get it from my mother
honest if i can't help and give
i don't feel like i'm living so
what i what i realized with my mother
was
she was learning how to be a mother the
whole time
and she was giving us
everything she had every single day my
brothers and sisters would be angry
sometimes
because every once in a while they would
take us away i'll go to my grandmother's
house
or i'll go back and forth to my mom's
house and even some nights
when my mom was was getting high i would
sneak out my grandmother's house and
sneaking drug houses just to protect her
i want to stop there for a second so
i've heard you tell the story
so many times and i'm obsessed with this
idea that it doesn't matter what you
look at it matters what you see
yes and as you're describing your mom
she sounds
awesome wonderful um
and yet she's struggled profoundly with
drug addiction and you're bouncing back
and forth how are you able to
to look at the struggle and yet see the
beauty of it all which i think is such a
powerful gift it's up to you to save
your life
and i learned this at a very young age i
realized that my family was crumbling
my family tree was rotten so i had to do
everything in my power to replant
another one
so even as a kid i never was a kid huh
and when i got on the football field and
the coach told me
will if you dedicate your life to this
you will save your mother's life
i realize time that
it's like an eagle when they first jump
out the nest
fly die and i had to fly
tom that that woman that five
seven woman pushed me
a kid i couldn't reach 16 to go to
college
she pushed me to be special she told me
well you might can't read
you might not understand everything now
but you're not dumb
he said god gave you a special gift but
you won't understand until you become a
man
and it came full
circle time when the day of my mother's
funeral
my brothers and sisters was mute they
couldn't speak
and the first speech i ever gave was at
my mother's funeral
what did you say i told her that
i understand and that i got
us now i told her that i spoke to her
not the crowd
i just told her dad you know i'mma miss
you
and i kept her with me and i told her
that
no matter what if it's football or
anything i promise i won't sell drugs
i won't hurt people and i'm going to
inspire people
and from that day forth um after i gave
that speech
it broke all stage fright because it was
if you could stand and speak at your
mother's funeral you can stand and
talk to a group of people but tom god
was preparing me for my true calling
right then
because what happened was i tell you
that i fought for my mom
my whole life but what god did was
he promoted me he said that same heart i
want you to take and give it to the
world
i got your mama now she's safe she's no
longer hurting
now you use the gift that i gave you
and inspired my people
and when i walked into that path
it was like the floodgates opened up
i created that speech time and they
posted on the internet i seen it
hit a million views i couldn't believe
it
i don't want to gloss over anything in
your story it's really interesting
because you've grip you've graced us
all with the fact that you've told the
story
over years now on the internet and so
anyone can go
and piece these moments together every
single one of them there's a few things
i want to
to bring together for our audience one
your dad was a hitman
who was or still is in prison yes your
mother was addicted to drugs you're
sleeping in crack houses to keep her
safe your great-grandmother taught her
kids how to make drugs
so your mom obviously grew up in that
sort of environment
um you were playing football literally
to save your mom's life but it wasn't
easy and you bounce from team to team
now when you retell it it's hopeful it's
optimistic
but when you were in the middle of it
you had a gun you were commit
you were contemplating committing
suicide yes
you had some coaches that looked after
you others that were taking advantage of
you
um it was you you said
when i finally ended up with a black
coach and he was
bad to me you said i finally realized
it's not about races
some people are just born evil like your
story just
there's so many obstacles and the reason
i think it's important to hit these
milestones for people to understand
you in context because you're you
are hope man you're uh the enthusiasm
that you came in with today
is cap literally the chills right now is
captivating to me
because there's something i think that
happens to the human psyche when they
realize
oh wait i can do it when did you begin
to take
hold of your own narrative and say
i'm going to be able to look at the
hardships my mother went through and
understand
when i moved to los angeles in 2006
i moved to los angeles with my cousin
sam rogers um
at the time he was playing for the san
diego chargers and it was a it was a key
moment
um we had went to the bank and i was
telling them we was arguing i was
telling them about
how i miss my mom and i got this and i
got that and he pulled up to the bank he
pulled out 15 000
and he said me either and i and i seen
it and he told me it wasn't the money
he was basically telling me that if you
stay there you'll always be there
you're here now will make a change
take advantage of every opportunity to
come your way
in los angeles i learned i learned that
where i came from
bad is good and good is bad
what does that mean in our mentalities
when people are nice to us
we feel endangered when people are mean
to us
we're in our habitat with fighters
so when i moved to los angeles i saw
sweet people who said good morning
i wasn't used to that the first night i
stayed in marina del rey
it was a big big beautiful bed i slept
on the floor
because you were more comfortable just
because you were used to it i was
comfortable
i didn't want to be comfortable because
my family wasn't comfortable my mother
and my brother
and my sister was back home i was in
marina del rey with an arcade and my
brother and sister was back home
in the projects me and my brother like
this
and in the neighborhood i protect them
so i had to make a decision my mom had
to give my cousin permission to take me
out of there
and the day i left my mom that's the day
i became a man
at 16 years old my mom told me
i don't want you to leave but you got to
do this for our family
and this is football this is football
i went to alexander hamilton i was
all-american
had a great season went on to play el
camino junior college
and i just continued to learn
and continue to learn through trial and
error with people
tom i am not who i am because of me
i am i am who i am because of the people
in the world listen to me
if i can say thank you to every human
being that listened to my work i would
do it i would send them personal voice
messages
personally 500 million 300 i don't care
how many people it is
but tom every time
that you see me or anybody see william
hollis on the stage
i represent the real people i
i wasn't a millionaire in stark speaking
i was a homeless
26 year old man
26 years old with a cracked vertebrae
with a crack vertebrae who couldn't play
football
play football and the teacher asked me
to come volunteer
yes see this is where dude your story is
a crazy litany
of problem after problem and just when
hope
rears itself hey you're good at football
and your cousin
is an nfl player and he's going to be
able to help you and you
get into the arena league and things are
going well you're killing it and then
you realize that your coaches actually
don't want you to leave the arena league
and so they're essentially doing their
best to trap you there
then it's like hey i've got this skill
i'm going to find my way out you crack
your vertebrae and now
it's hey the one shot you had to get out
only
home i had the time only home i had
those football teams give us homes and
hotels
when that's taken away i have nothing
let's
talk about thrive did you guys know that
your gut is related to
so many potential health issues trouble
focusing
bloating constipation maintaining a
healthy weight and skin blemishes like
acne and eczema our gut
communicates with our brain through
nerves and hormones and when gut health
is poor it can directly contribute to
these types of health concerns
my wife lisa has struggled profoundly
with gut problems so i know
exactly how troublesome this can be
unfortunately lisa is not alone
in this battle one in five americans are
struggling with gut
health issues thankfully we can fix a
lot of these issues with a better diet
and the right probiotics
and thrive makes this process really
simple by offering an
at-home gut health test so you can know
the state of your gut health
and what problems it may be causing
thrive will then use your results to
develop
custom probiotics to help treat these
problems
these aren't the one size fits all
probiotics you will find at your local
grocery store
these are personalized to you based on
the results of the test
thrive is easy convenient and accessible
thrive sends the test straight to your
door and based on your thrive test
results
they will customize a diet and probiotic
suggestions
just for you when you subscribe to
thrive's program you can also save 10
on all probiotics and other products
they provide
you can get fifty percent off your
at-home gut health test when you go to
try thrive dot com slash
impact theory that's try thrive dot com
slash impact theory and thrive is
spelled
t-h-r-y-v-e
go there right now for fifty percent off
your at-home
gut health test again that's tri-thrive
dot com forward slash impact theory all
right guys
take care be legendary
is this before or after you after i
cracked my vertebrae
and what about when does the suicide
contemplation start the suicide
contemplation starts
immediately after i spoke to the kids
because i learned something tom telling
your story is painful
that was the first time you'd really
reopened that yes
whoa telling your story is painful
that's so interesting because
now you tell it
and own it and it impacts other people
see
there's something you've done to the way
that you look at the world that
that i need people to understand for
them to like they see you now you're in
a suit
you're crispy like you know you speak in
a way that really cuts to people's souls
but i need them to understand that that
isn't where you started that you're now
about as
far from where you began as is possible
which is the very thing that makes you
interesting
absolutely so
you go speak to the kids you actually
open a wound
that then sends you because i'm assuming
you say because these were troubled kids
right they were the kids that weren't
succeeding intermediate
high school there's just yeps kids who
wouldn't succeed
all right so you tell them your story
you have them all in tears
but you're now like this sucks
my whole chest is opened up my whole
body i'm exposed
as i walk back to that hotel did you
think your story made you less than
is that what were you thinking about
yourself it made me realize how many
people was gone
it's like the movie life you remember
the movie at the end of life with eddie
murphy and um
martin all those men start to disappear
imagine growing up as a kid and seeing
that family they might have been drug
dealers they might have been everything
but that was my family and now i grow up
and i'm all alone there's nobody
and i'm this young and it
it it hit me as i walked um i was
staying in the hotel at that time
and i was walking back to the abraham
lincoln hotel i was gonna commit suicide
i got a phone call a couple steps from
the hotel
how much do you charge to speak i said
75 100
tom didn't know what to say i ran in a
hotel
she said i want you to speak at an
assembly in a week
i said done deal i went to
the computer room search motivational
speaker
i love it our first speech popped up was
les
brown georgia dome it's a good speech
i watched how he smiled he had charisma
my skin complexion so well mannered and
so beautiful
and i said i want to be like that
he made it i want to be like that
and i went to that school delivered my
first speech standing ovation
every student in the in the gymnasium
shipped my hand
every student how far how many days
from tossing the gun in the river and
deciding you're not going to commit
suicide are we
i believe it was almost like
a month that's crazy for for
a turnaround sort of of that commercial
it's like a month okay
i was completely out of it my mind was
completely blown but that's why i tell
people tom
don't thank me i thank you
you saved my life that's an interesting
frame and i don't want to take it away
from you if that means something
but it's it seems to me
that you really can take a lot of
ownership for
you've you've built something new like
i've seen
so much footage of you i've literally
watched you change so in the last 48
hours i've totally immersed myself in
your world
and so it's one of the most fascinating
things about what i do
is i take somebody however long they've
been on camera and
i collapse it down into 48 hours and so
you watch people
change and watching you
change has really been
quite something extraordinary you've
you've constructed
king hollis tom what i do is i tell
all the people that i love you gotta
want the best out of your life for you
because we only have a moment on this
earth
and it's going to be people that look
you in the face and tell you that they
believe in you
they're going to tell you from their
lips they believe in you
but when you look them in their eyes
you're going to know that they're not
telling the truth
that's the hardest thing for a man to
take
because belief belief as my
great buddy evan carmichael say all the
time believe belief
is what excels and
and pushes people through the
stratosphere and
i can always tell people i'm no bigger
than you
i started in a shelter walking outside
asking people
do you believe i can be one of the top
motivational speakers in the world they
laugh at me
i thought i was crazy what i tell people
is the way you get to the next level of
your life is keep going
keep going keep running even when you
don't even know if you get turns into
chaos
you cannot be great if you cannot
operate in chaos
that's my life because if you can
the world becomes disneyland problems
become
scratches i can lose my car
somebody can blow it up
i'm gonna have some sushi with my wife
and think about the solution
not the problem many people focus on
the problem and not solutions
we spend a split second 15 20 minutes
tearing our body down tearing our mind
down
over something that we can't control
everybody talks about their faith but do
they really got faith
do you got that halfway faith or do you
got that whole way faith
i'm talking about when you sleeping in
your car don't know where you're gonna
live
are you still gonna get up and work that
day real motivation comes from the pain
it comes from the bottom and if you go
into the bottom and you stay
you never become hollywood you always
stay engulfed in the neighborhood tom
you'll always be loved i looked at all
these celebrities
all these guys i would write to the dms
and see if they would write me back
they never did broke my heart
so i told myself when i get to this
level where everybody wants to reach out
to me
and people want to talk to me i'm going
to answer every dm
i'm going to answer every message a man
sends to me
because i too was a man that they
ignored
i too is a man that they call dumb or or
poor
and when i say the best gifts come from
the bottom
i speak of me first
to be an example to every kid sitting at
home watching his mother nod on the
couch
or his father incarcerated or nobody
ever tell them that they love him
i do this for them it's a duty it's my
duty tom
if i die today i can die a happy man
because i live full and i die empty i
didn't work for money tom
everybody that's listening to this show
today is not money
it's how you serve as people
it's how you put them before you
so i tell people you can be consumed by
social network the cars the lamborghinis
the match you can do all of that
but the feeling i get when a person
writes me and say william you saved my
life
it's like i'm getting a million dollar
check every single time
time i love what i do
i woke up every day for five years and
did it for free
what does it take to be successful like
when you think about what it took to be
good at football
what it's taken the five years doing
free events
all that stuff like what are the sort of
principles of success
i believe success is something that you
have to see before it's in your hands
it will never come to you if you don't
believe it here
and one thing about me
even when i had no money i've always
been confident
did that come from football yes so
one thing you've said is nobody nobody
has the obligation to believe in you you
have to do that for yourself
so how do people do that when they don't
have
like what do you say to that kid that
doesn't have football they have all your
problems and none of your gifts
i would tell that kid that the moment
that you start
something you'll start
paths will start to clear out and
you might not know what's going to
happen or how it's going to happen
but i promise you if you pick that thing
that you love i'm talking about you
really love
i'm talking about that thing that you
will do for free
if you pick that if you pick that
every day if you choose that every day
consistently
it's inevitable for you not to be
successful
and those kids got to understand you got
to stay true to yourself
you got to have the ability to think for
yourself
and know that sometimes you're going to
have to be a man before you become one
but you're ready for it and you built
for it
one of my favorite scenes in the movie
300 is when the kid
went up in the mountains and he had to
fight
it reminded me so much of myself it
reminded me so much of inner city kids
all around the world
they had to become a man before they
became one
so by becoming a man before uh you
really supposed to be one
you miss out on things you miss out on
the things that kids do you never have a
shot at being a kid do you know some
people only been an adult
that's the truth you we had to take care
of our mom
when i was in college i was sending reef
my whole refund checks back
for my mother i'm sitting in a five-star
hotel getting ready to play a football
game
and a night before my mom at home uh
calling me on the phone knocking on my
oh one of her friend's door asking can
she come in cause cold in her house
cause the heat cut off
and i gotta go back to sleep and play a
football game the next day
knowing my mom starving and she cold
you'll get to the point in your lifetime
where you have no
choice but to fight you know most people
give up when they get to that point
though right
most people don't fight and this is why
somebody with your experience
somebody with your voice the thing that
you bring to people
is so important one
why do you think most people give up it
is one of the deepest mysteries of my
life
and then how did you avoid it
i think people give up because they
don't believe what they see
it's a saying that coaches say
believe what you see if it's there shoot
the gap
people don't believe the greatness
that's in them
because the world created this superstar
elite group that's just human just like
us but when we see them on television we
look at them
as higher than us we look at them in a
place where we connect we think we can
never get to
and the real reason is most people never
get out the stands and get in the game
they stay fans their whole life
so i tell everybody get off the stands
and get in the game
get in the game of life and leave your
mark here
when i said i didn't read it's a reason
why
because i believe it taints the original
creativity that i'm supposed to give to
the world
when i read books on napoleon hill rich
dad poor dad when i read those books
i got their thoughts people write all
these successful books all these
successful manuals but you don't
understand that the most high
has a different journey for you
but you're following the blueprint of
another person's journey
every human being on this earth has
their own
journey and when you don't focus on
yours you will not bring the great gifts
and things that you are supposed to
bring to the world
like the best gift come from the bottom
like only in the womb of a woman can a
man breathe underwater
like god leaves your gift at the bottom
of the stairs and it's up to you to
climb up those stairs
and get your gift see those quotes came
from me
no tainted mentality my thought is for
me
and and when i get on that stage tom i
say words and
and i say words that i never could
pronounce
so i know i'm connected to something i'm
i didn't choose motivational speaking
it chose me and it saved my life talk to
me about that
so i heard you give a speech
to a bunch of football players that were
about to go out and play and you kept
saying
hit him in the mouth and i actually
really respond with
um when you think about success it's so
hard there are so many things that are
fighting against you they
really do have to learn to channel
aggression and to be persistent
and very resilient so how do you think
about
aggression and you know what sort of the
business version of hitting them in the
mouth
a business version of hitting in my
mouth is beating them getting up
being the first one there dominating
seizing every opportunity that comes
your way
you see time when i went to italy i've
never performed on a stage in my life
but when i got up there i said there's
no way
i came this far to only come this part
but the key thing was i
seized my opportunity you see
the reason why some people give up in
life because they may have had an
opportunity but they
failed and they think that that
opportunity
will never come back but the same
formula that got you your first
opportunity will get you your second but
this time you will execute
this time you'll be mentally ready this
time you'll remember how you failed
and every time that i step out and i get
up in the morning
and scream to the sun rise so i can go
chase my dream every day i wake up i'm
thankful
because i know
that nobody could have saved my life but
me
and by getting up every single day
dropping more content than the biggest
speakers in the world pushing our albums
creating new things just constantly
evolving
it's a passion here like the great tony
robbins saying
it's a passion here that burns so deep
inside of me
that when i found motivational speaking
it saved my
life time
so as a man that finds his gift and you
gotta find your gift
because once you find your gift and you
get a taste of it you like oh
this is it and every day you get excited
to wake up to
to grow it more and more six years
straight time 4 30 in the morning
so what is it you think that people need
to do to sort of manicure their mind
that allows them to see the gifts which
to me seems like
the thing you may be most gifted at is
the ability to see through the
difficulties
to the beautiful core i tell people a
lot of people don't know what it is that
they they supposed to do
i tell people everybody i talk to i say
what did you
what was the first thing you ever did
that made you feel fulfilled
some might say dancing some might say
oh a play i did
your career is made as a child
your destiny is made when you're a child
everything is is built from that
that infant stage and
some people one girl said uh i used to
love to sing when i was a little girl
and i said the reason why you're not
happy is because you stop doing it
if you pick it back up
that pain will start to shed off you
and you'll get to your breakthrough the
reason
why people are depressed and down is
because they're not doing with their
love
what they're not doing what they love
they're doing what they have to
that's what the workforce and work world
do it steals dreams
it steals them and the world has become
so discon populated with finances and
money
that people have to compromise their
dreams
just to survive
so when people out here in this world
right now today
that's making dreams happen they are
extraordinary
because one they made a decision that
i'm not doing nothing else but this
even if i don't get paid for it
people sat back in wait time and throw
their dreams in the trash
and go do another man's dream
and expect to feel fulfilled when they
come home at night
but when you wake up and you live your
truth
and you work for your gift even the days
you're not
paid you're not gonna feel like you
wasted your time
because you're doing something that you
love
and if i wan if i was to die today i
wanna die doing something i
love that speaking
somebody out there has put a gift down
and it's time to pick it back up that
thing that made you happy made you smile
pick it back up i promise you
all the pieces will come back together i
tell you as a quote i say get back to
the child that laying on your mother's
lap
there was the child that dreamed
believed
in the world
sometimes the world can take you away
from who you truly are
no question life will beat you up and
you'll just forget
who you are but get back to that child
delay on your mother's lap and you'll
remember who you are
if you had one chance to talk to
a kid that they're they're
in that place that you were it all seems
hopeless they don't know
what they're meant to do what would you
convey to them about taking control of
their life
i would tell them first and foremost
young man
think for yourself
think for yourself question everything
and believe in yourself when you're
falling
don't pretend like you're not when
you're hurting
don't pretend like you're not find
people that
uplift you not tear you down
understand that even your parents
can be jealous of you and envious of you
this crazy world but you got to
understand this
we got one life this is your life one
life
you came out this work on us you came
out into this world by yourself you will
go back into the dirt by yourself
so why not work to be the greatest
version of yourself for yourself
man you really are a phenomenal example
of greatness
where can people follow along on this
insane journey of yours uh you can
follow me at william king hollis
on on instagram youtube
also william king hollis on facebook on
my fan page
um i drop daily messages every day just
like i did in the beginning
um and um anybody that reaches out to me
if you do reach out to me please dm me
um please message me because i don't
just like people listening to me i
really like to get to know the world
i believe like a lot of people leave a
lot of stuff off the table because they
don't work with people you got to work
with the people
if you want to save a neighborhood you
got to get with people in the
neighborhood
i created something called royal nation
royal nation is something that where
a whole bunch of artistic amazing
individuals
um uh artists
uh get together and we put our gifts
together to make each other projects
a finished product so basically if you
don't know how to do the digital
the digital uh ad or or a flyer this guy
does
if you don't it's a family it's royal
nation don't matter what race color
recreate this royal nation
it's a family of people dedicated
to in the world through art
in this book i gave it to in the first
day of royal nation i had 386 members
all over the world and i couldn't
believe it time
it changed my life speaking changed my
life telling my story changed my life
so if you want to know how i did it and
how i'm gonna continue to do it
i'm gonna continue to speak my truth and
i'm gonna continue
to for to focus on the best gifts that
come from the bottle
that's amazing man yes sir guys
this he really is one of the greatest
speakers of his generation
listen to his motivational speeches they
are
extraordinarily powerful they will reach
inside your soul
give you the chills it's really pretty
crazy he is
very good at translating historious
hardships into wisdom
that can be understood by everybody and
felt by anybody
you definitely don't want to miss it and
speaking of things you don't want to
miss
if you haven't already be sure to
subscribe and until next time my friends
be legendary take care
our country's in trouble right now
because we're not listening we're
talking we're all
we're all talking we've got every kind
of gadget imaginable
to help us to talk but we're not
listening
so we talk at each other and not to each
other